Update What is XRP? graphics (#3673)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/introduction/what-is-xrp.md

A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that is secured by cryptography and tracked using a blockchain. The security and integrity of cryptocurrency makes it nearly impossible to counterfeit or double-spend.

![XRP on the blockchain](/docs/img/xrp-on-blockchain.svg)

> Cryptocurrencies, digital currencies, and digital assets all fall into the same general category. They are:

Reviewer: This "they are" lead-in feels weird to me with the icon table following it. Maybe rephrase like this?

```suggestion
Cryptocurrencies, digital currencies, and digital assets all fall into the same general category. They have these properties in common:
```

<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@tabler/icons-webfont@3.19.0/dist/tabler-icons.min.css"/>

> <style>

Reviewer: It might be OK as an exception this time, but let's not make a habit of having inlined stylesheets and HTML; they're a maintenance headache.

Ideally the grid would also be theme-aware and change color schemes to match the light/dark themes.

A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that is secured by cryptography and tracked using a blockchain. The security and integrity of cryptocurrency makes it nearly impossible to counterfeit or double-spend.

[{% inline-svg file="/docs/img/xrp-on-blockchain.svg" /%}](/docs/img/xrp-on-blockchain.svg)

Cryptocurrencies, digital currencies, and digital assets all fall into the same general category. They have these properties in common:

<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@tabler/icons-webfont@3.19.0/dist/tabler-icons.min.css"/>
<style>

> .xrp-benefits-grid {
>   display: grid;
>   grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 1fr);
>   gap: 1px;
>   background: #343437;
>   border: 1px solid #343437;
>   border-radius: 8px;
>   overflow: hidden;
>   margin: 1.5rem 0;
> }

Reviewer: As it is, the grid doesn't fit on mobile (simulated iPhone 14/15/16 view):

<img width="391" height="857" alt="2026-06-11_145734_717361856" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcf14a87-5ce5-41da-b0c2-60490ca3ae96" />

This is fixable with a media query to change to a 3-column layout on mobile, something like:

```suggestion
.xrp-benefits-grid {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 1fr);
  gap: 1px;
  background: #343437;
  border: 1px solid #343437;
  border-radius: 8px;
  overflow: hidden;
  margin: 1.5rem 0;
}
@media screen and (max-width: 500px) {
  .xrp-benefits-grid {
    grid-template-columns: repeat(3, 1fr);
  }
}
```

### Naming

Originally, the XRP Ledger was called "Ripple" for the way the technology allowed payments [to ripple through multiple hops and currencies](../concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/rippling.md). For the native asset built into the ledger, the creators chose the ticker symbol "XRP" from the term "ripple credits" or "ripples" and the X prefix for non-national currencies in the [ISO 4217](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html) standard.

> ![How XRP got its name](/docs/img/xrp-naming.svg) The company registered itself as "Ripple Labs". The name "XRP" came to be used to refer to the asset in all contexts, to avoid confusion with the similar names for the technology and company, and eventually the company shortened its own name to "Ripple". In May 2018, [the community selected a new "X" symbol](https://twitter.com/xrpsymbol/status/1006925937571713025) to represent XRP to differentiate it from the triskelion logo that had previously been used for both the company and the digital asset.

Reviewer: Separate the diagram onto its own line instead of having it start the paragraph. Also, this might be another place where `{% inline-svg ... /%}` might be appropriate for making the diagram theme-aware.
